CHAPTER_1_ALERTS:
QUESTIONS:

1. Write a script to greet your website visitor using JS alert
box.
2. Write a script to display following message on your web
page:

3. Write a script to display following message on your web
page: (Hint : Use line break)

4. Write a script to display following messages in sequence:

5. Generate the following message through browser’s
developer console:

CHAPTER_2_VARIABLES FOR STRINGS:
QUESTIONS:

1. Declare a variable called username.
2. Declare a variable called myName & assign to it a string
that represents your Full Name.
3. Write script to
a) Declare a JS variable, titled message.
b) Assign “Hello World” to variable message
c) Display the message in alert box.
4. Write a script to save student’s bio data in JS variables and
show the data in alert boxes.

5. Write a script to display the following alert using one JS
variable:

6. Declare a variable called email and assign to it a string that
represents your Email Address(e.g. example@example.com).
Show the blow mentioned message in an alert box.(Hint: use
string concatenation)

7. Declare a variable called book & give it the value “A
smarter way to learn JavaScript”. Display the following
message in an alert box:

8. Write a script to display this in browser through JS.

CHAPTER_3_VARIABLES FOR NUMBERS:
QUESTIONS:

1. Declare a variable called age & assign to it your age. Show
your age in an alert box.

2. Declare & initialize a variable to keep track of how many
times a visitor has visited a web page. Show his/her
number of visits on your web page. For example: “You
have visited this site N times”.

3. Declare a variable called birthYear & assign to it your
birth year. Show the following message in your browser:

4. A visitor visits an online clothing store
www.xyzClothing.com . Write a script to store in variables
the following information:
a. Visitor’s name
b. Product title
c. Quantity i.e. how many products a visitor wants to
order
Show the following message in your browser: “John
Doe ordered 5 T-shirt(s) on XYZ Clothing store”.
